Post a Job Online | Post a Job Free | Hire the best, faster - ROZEE.PK
All our functionality - in a mobile app.
Post your first job in minutes!
Reach out to talented potential candidates
Thousands of job seekers await you to get center stage
Get the right hire for your job through our assisted talent hunt service
Find the right talent for your job instantly!
Set your brand on fire, and target the best candidates
Searching for an intelligent choice is no longer like winning a lottery
Strengthen your online identity, and reach quality candidates
Build remote teams and accelerate your business
Hire quality candidates from Pakistan's leading universities
Are you a small business with less than 100 employees?
Contact our sales team for our discounted SME Super Saver packages.
Deputy Manager Talent Acquisition & OD
National Foods is using ROZEE.PK for over 4 years, it meets 90% of our diversified requirements, from Entry level to Management level. Another reason for carrying on with this mutually beneficial relationship is the fact that ROZEE.PK gives us the necessary visibility that our brand requires as an Employer.
We are amazed at the quality of candidates that we find on ROZEE.PK. CV Search Engine has options available to filter the right talent and beat competition in such a tight job market.
ROZEE.PK is an exceptional way to fulfill our recruitment needs. ROZEE.PK has helped us save time and recruitment cost to a great extent. We have had success in fulfilling our hiring requirements timely, speedily and effectively through exclusive services offered by ROZEE.PK
For immediate requirement of a senior position, I tasked ROZEE.PK, and I am glad that they successfully met our requirement within the limited time period we had. During this time, I found their key accounts team very responsive and dedicated to meet our needs
Getting information out to individuals is one of the most critical aspects of recruiting. ROZEE.PK, is giving HR Managers the opportunity to reach a larger pool of potential job applicants information & their additional Customer Care services make us feel like a friend indeed.
All our functionality - in a mobile app.